let's call this video the resurrection
oh my god where's my fart can guess
where it's going next there isn't really
any difference between a two hundred sex
and a nice and stands or no sentra
censure that's what it is so out with
the old in with the new now we just go
to install that check this baby hi oh
yeah we're all set up for high speed
haha we got a cool flag and hang on
because hog had some complaints because
he had his upside down there's an upside
down this is right oh yeah that's right
yeah you gotta know when you're a star
which way to put your star yes you're
not a star yet that's all there is to it
you don't never know it'll be one you're
just a redneck that's what that's what
that's what so life after death I guess
reborn and silver sweet now here's our
redneck hot rod 18 horse overhead-valve
clash bar
does she do wheelies a little bit little
bit alrighty look we got to see we got
to see that's a funky air filter where's
the oh there's where the air comes in
cool mmm redneck snorkel used to be a
husky I see it's a slow moving vehicle
or it used to be right or they think it
is constantly that's what the cop thing
okay let's see how slow this thing can
move in full speed weak battery lots of
compressions oh yeah giver
pretty slow here baby give her again oh
he's doing the track
no I guess you can't take that hard
corner straight line it
she's got competition I see
looks like we have some felt issues I
mean to break down where's your part can
how many years just things that before
you got it looks like a while let's see
this dash holy crap 391 thousand
kilometers Wow good luck I don't like
this card with notice look
you cannot have a beer in cigarette at
the same time no secret at your bad for
you but oh it came with CD player all
for 50 bucks gotta love it and we got a
spare motor for my other car so hurry up
and break the point you can I have the
motor ok but don't burn on my parking
lot I'm gonna feel hurry
you got no gas
first high speed run
all that needs is a firkin should be
amazing
I'm impressed with how fast I was 1.6 is
can Joe
so not this thing again